Where's the ten billion?
What?
She's going to steal it for our family.
Machi!
Thanks for becoming my family.
Machi.
Machi! Wake up!
Machi!
Ichika's the one who stole the money.
She had my family held as hostages.
Go catch Ichika.
Can I kill her?
Now that's a good look.
[Ayumi Gido, Reboot, Day 47]
We've tracked down the car she took.
She's probably stopping by her place.
Timing and subtitles by
"🍰 The Pastry Detectives 🔍" Team @Viki.com
Hey! Watch it!
She lives in room 1003.
You take the elevator.
Stay alert. She'll be desperate.
I'll check outside.
She couldn't have gotten far.
Come down.
Let me go. Just for a day.
Why should I?
I want to pass the money to Ayaka.
You expect me to trust you?
You murdered Natsumi.
Softie.
You won't survive a day once I'm gone.
Where is Ichika?
She got away.
Why did you help her?
Fuyuhashi-san!
Where's Ichika?
You sold me out to Goroku.
I'm sorry.
But
you wouldn't be able to disobey him either.
I'm also sad that Machi died.
I wanted to do more, too.
We'll put a bounty on Ichika.
Use our network to find her.
[Part Time Job]
[Wanted]
I've successfully moved the riches.
Keep it away from prying eyes, Kaieda-sensei.
I had some clueless part-timers
help with the transportation.
Only you and I know the riches are here.
No one would suspect searching
the cleared-out office.
Thank you for being so understanding.
Shall I reach out to Mr. Ma later today
so we can give him our report?
No, I'd like to hold off on that.
Please keep our knowledge
of these riches between us.
Understood.
You've gotten good at it.
What's wrong?
Do you think Dad's okay?
He'll come home, right?
He will.
He's not one to give up.
Hayase's are tenacious, remember?
Gido-san.
- What's up?
- Careful, you'll be late to school, kid.
Crap.
Taku-chan, your smock!
- Thank you.
- Take care.
- See you!
- Have a nice day, sweetie.
Ma'am, you know Ichika Kogo-san, yes?
I do. What about her?
I believe this store used to sell a shortcake.
The Hayase Shortcake?
Yes.
Did you teach her the recipe?
Pardon?
Did you teach her how to make
a Hayase Shortcake?
No, I could never!
Thank you.
[Dear Ayaka]
Let me through, Fuyuhashi.
We're keeping tabs on her sister.
Go search elsewhere.
I know the sister.
I'll ask if Ichika contacted her.
I'll be listening in.
[Machi]
Machi was tracking Ichika.
We might be able to find her through here.
Do you know Machi's password?
Yes.
Please, tell us.
Gido-san?
Hey there.
Look, I'm practically healthy now.
Sorry.
I wanted to ask about your sister.
Are you able to?
I don't want you pushing yourself.
When did your sister
pass her accountant exam?
About three years ago.
What was she doing before then?
You don't know?
Sorry, can't say I do.
She studied for the exam
while working at an accounting firm.
At night, she worked part-time
at a hostess bar.
Oops, that was supposed to be a secret.
Why don't you ask her this yourself?
Sorry.
It's not anything I can ask about now.
Hello?
Ayaka?
Ichika?
A lawyer named Matoba,
from L-2 Law Firms will come to visit you.
She's someone you can trust
so follow her instructions, okay?
What? Why?
Ayaka. No matter what happens, live.
Ichika?
Did something happen to her?
You don't have to worry about a thing.
I'll come again.
Gido-san.
Take care of my sister.
Have the people here hunt down Ichika.
Yes, Sir.
[New intel. She's in this area.]
In the event something happens to you,
your safe deposit key
will be handed to Ayaka Kogo-san.
She will receive all inheritance
and life insurance as well.
Once she has the funds, your sister
will receive surgery in the States.
Using money from her inheritance,
one of our attorneys will accompany her
and aid her as she recovers.
Does all this sound correct?
Yes.
Don't move.
The million yen is mine.
What the hell?
The money's mine.
- I found her!
- I took her picture first.
Police!
Back the hell off!
The Hayase Shortcake, at your place!
The one in your fridge.
It was identical to my recipe.
But Mom never taught you how to make one.
Only one other person knew the recipe.
You...
You're Natsumi, aren't you?
What are you talking about?
You must have your reasons for not saying.
Are they threatening you with Takumi?
You're a fool.
I'll save you.
I promise I'll save you, Takumi, and my mom.
So please, just be honest with me.
I've heard enough of your nonsense.
Don't follow me
if you want to see your family again.
What are you doing?
Fuyuhashi, hold off on killing her.
She might be Natsumi.
What?
She must've rebooted.
Your proof?
I've got none, but I know it's her.
You owe Natsumi, don't you?
Machi said so.
You bastard.
I don't care who that woman is.
Do you think Natsumi would want Machi dead?
Someone must've ordered her to...
Quit being delusional!
Try saving Ichika.
I'll bury you six feet under.
Finally. Sir, where have you been?
Teramoto, come to my location.
Bring Adachi, too.
This is Mikami.
Don't hang us out to dry.
We've got a lead on Natsumi Hayase's case.
What?
I gave that area
around the clinic another sweep.
Last year, on October 31,
a man who may be Riku Hayase
was caught on camera.
This was right after he disappeared.
It's highly possible
he got an operation here.
Adachi, can you hear me?
Great work.
Thank you, Sir.
Sir, it's Gido.
The unliquidated ten billion was found.
And Goroku?
He's after the thief, Ichika Kogo.
Everything's going just as you planned.
You will finally avenge your wife.
Sir, that's the problem.
Ichika may be my wife.
Sir, you have connections
with the Intelligence Agency.
Please find Ichika Kogo for me.
You sure use me to your whims.
It's not easy getting the agency to act.
Ichika guarded the organization's safe.
You want the intel she has, no?
You've become quite the negotiator.
Save her, and we can get your whale.
I'm counting on you, Sir.
We've completely lost track of her.
She won't escape for long.
Where's the last place she would go?
Maybe back to her sister?
Aoi, did you find anything?
Machi was keeping tabs on Ichika.
She has her GPS records logged here.
I'll send it over to you.
She really only visited
her office and the hospital.
No, there's one other place she frequented.
The Hayase Patisserie.
Wait, why would Ichika-san go there?
Police.
Sir!
Sir, you can't barge in here!
You're ruining your facial features.
- Who else have you rebooted?
- Pardon?
Is Ichika Kogo a fellow reboot?
I'm not solely in it for the money.
I...
support any and all
who wish to begin new lives.
My patients are like precious children to me.
I won't allow you to trample on their lives.
Fucking hell.
Ichika's in danger.
We have no time, please.
Is Ichika a reboot?
I have nothing more I can tell you.
Then I'll arrest you.
Can you?
I've brought backup.
They know I got an operation here.
Want to get interrogated?
They'll find out.
I don't care.
I need to know if my wife is alive.
Your wife?
Ichika is probably my wife.
Please, tell me.
What was Ichika's name
before she was rebooted?
Fine, I'll ask the police.
Her name.
Her name...
was Natsumi-san.
[Three years ago]
Eat up while it's hot.
Sir, it wasn't me.
I didn't steal the billion yen.
I understand.
You know we need a culprit
for the flames to die down.
Everyone's aware you worked with Gido-san
to steal some of our money as well.
Please, help me.
I beg you.
I'd rather not lose
my trusty treasurer either
so I'll offer you
a way out.
You will reboot.
Are you proposing I live as someone else?
Sir, I could never.
Well, you have no other choice.
Turn down my offer,
and your family will pay the price.
Takumi!
They may very well die in an "accident."
Sir, please. Please don't!
I'll do anything. Anything!
So please, anything but my family!
Thank goodness.
I wasn't ready to lose your talent.
I've already prepared you a new identity.
Excuse me...
Hey there.
Hello.
Wow, so this is who's getting my face.
My name is Natsumi Hayase.
Ichika Kogo.
I'll be giving you an Ichika crash course
over the next six months.
Nice to meet you.
With your similarities,
this will go smoothly.
We'll change your voice as well.
When is Ayaka's birthday?
August 2, 2006.
And when did our parents die?
November 5, 2016.
What was our dog's name?
Omochi. His favorite food was boiled cabbage.
Look at you go, brainiac! You got this.
Dinner is served.
Thank you.
I'll cook for us next time.
Really?
Right,
I'll have to teach you
Ayaka's favorites, too.
- Bon appétit!
- Bon appétit.
So you always cooked for her?
It must have been tough, raising her alone.
That's why I never completed
my accountant certification.
Just kidding. I'm just a bonafide moron.
Here.
I'm also studying to retake the exam.
Don't worry, you'll breeze through it.
Ichika...
Why did you take on this job?
Isn't that obvious? I'm in it for the money.
What will you do when I become "you"?
I'll enjoy the rest of my days overseas.
You may never see your sister again.
I know.
Honestly, I was getting tired
of looking after her.
What about you?
Will you miss your family?
I can't cause them any more trouble.
Here.
I'm sorry it's not digital.
I didn't want to leave any traces.
His soccer match?
Yes. He scored a goal, too.
Your husband and mother-in-law
were jumping for joy.
Thank you.
Wow!
She's my mirror image!
It's a perfect job.
Wow...
Natsumi, you've totally become me.
Ayaka wouldn't even notice the difference.
A cake? What's the occasion?
We're celebrating the birth of your new life.
Thank you for sticking with me.
I pray you'll
return to your family one day.
I told you, I've given up on that already.
You'll find a way.
You can't ever give up, okay?
One last thing.
My sister needs a lung transplant, right?
Yes.
The money needed for the operation
is around 150 million yen.
I want you to use the money I get
to save Ayaka.
What do you mean?
I made a deal with Goroku.
I sold my life to him for 150 million yen.
You should save her yourself.
Take care of her for me.
This is the 150 million she was promised.
Not nearly enough for a transplant,
given the exchange rate nowadays.
She risked her life for a miscalculation.
What a disappointing woman indeed.
As promised, the 150 million is yours.
How you use it is entirely up to you.
Enjoy.
From here on out, you are Ichika Kogo-san.
[Ichika Kogo, Reboot, Day 1]
[How to treat pulmonary hypertension]
[Regarding cardiac catheterization]
Scourging dating apps, again?
Look, this person seems nice.
Should I introduce you two?
No, thanks.
What's up?
I made you lunch.
Wow. You packed all my favorites!
Ayaka.
I'm going to become a certified accountant,
and make more money, okay?
I promise to save you.
You're my only family, after all.
Cringe.
- Thanks for lunch.
- Sure.
[Ichika Kogo, Reboot, Day 777]
Due to some unforeseen construction,
Ichika Kogo-san's body has been unearthed.
Not to worry.
I'll have our friend in the police
make that corpse yours, Natsumi-san.
How?
We'll have them "find" your belongings
at the scene.
They'll also swap your dental records
with Ichika-san's.
Then who will have stolen the billion yen?
Aren't I supposed to be the culprit?
We'll have Gido-san take the blame.
He's just as much a suspect
and the perfect scapegoat.
But losing him is a shame.
We'll use the reboot tactic once more.
Your husband, Riku Hayase,
will become our new Gido-san.
Gido-san would do anything to survive.
Make sure to really corner him.
I will die instead.
Your life alone won't pay for these crimes.
[Big bargain sale]
I'll monitor you through this.
Keep it on you at all times.
Turn it off
or reveal yourself to your husband,
and you won't see your family again.
What brings you here, Ichika-san?
She was my predecessor.
The least I can do is offer a prayer.
You must be Takumi-kun.
My name is Ichika Kogo.
I worked alongside your mother.
I'm sure you must be hurting,
but you have to face the future yourself.
You got this.
You must be Riku Hayase-san.
[Ayumi Gido, Reboot, Day 1]
[Ichika Kogo, Reboot, Day 978]
Don't forget to remove your ring.
[Evidence]
Thank you again.
Are you feeling all right, Ma'am?
Oh, I just fell from some stairs.
Otherwise, I've never felt better!
I vowed to protect you
for getting involved.
Even the missing ten billion?
Yes. We'll have Gido-san be the culprit
who stole the riches.
You will be forced to repay Mr. Ma.
I am aware.
I'll return the money to him with interest.
Why? I fail to see the benefit in doing so.
The elections.
They're coming up, no?
The money will go to Yaichi Makita.
His party must win at any cost, and for that,
cash is necessary.
If I can make Yaichi Makita
the prime minister,
repaying the ten billion is worth it,
despite the risks.
I don't believe it.
Were you behind the theft three years ago?
Right. The House of Councillors election.
Thanks to your sacrifice,
Makita's party succeeded.
Now go trick the real Gido-san
and make him into the culprit.
How much is in here?
I'd estimate about ten billion yen.
We'll tell Mr. Ma the culprit was Gido
and send over a video of his death.
These two are practically doppelgängers.
He won't know which "Gido" dies.
So we keep the more capable Gido
and get rid of the useless Hayase.
Let me negotiate with Gido.
Gido.
I need you to do me a favor.
[Out of service]
I...
I'll claim that I'm the culprit.
My death will calm this situation for now.
But I want you to save Riku Hayase.
What's gotten into you?
I am Natsumi Hayase.
Goroku ordered me to sacrifice you.
But he's going to try to kill my husband.
You...
You rebooted?
Goroku orchestrated everything.
Don't tell my husband.
If he catches on, Goroku will kill him.
Take care of him for me.
Gido.
I always hated your guts.
But I pray that you
find happiness with Mayu-san.
So? Where is the ten billion yen?
I did it.
♫ It's wise not to expect anything ♫
Gido-san!
♫ A bleak future is foreseen ♫
Why was this location compromised?
I don't know.
Someone may have been tracking me.
I hope you've prepared yourself.
Machi?
Machi!
♫ It just hurts quietly ♫
♫ It just becomes empty little by little ♫
I'm so sorry, Machi-chan.
[Ichika Kogo, Reboot, Day 1025]
♫ Did such a day even exist? ♫
[G]
♫ I put it away gently ♫
You certainly don't know when to give up.
Give my sister the money.
Fine. And just so we're clear?
I won't say a thing.
I will die as the culprit
who stole the ten billion.
I'm glad you catch on quick.
It's a shame we must lose you.
I have one last request.
Please, let me see Takumi before I go.
You'll cause them trouble.
I only wish to see him from afar.
Please, just let me have a glance.
Unfortunately, that won't be possible.
Fuyuhashi and his people
already have you surrounded.
♫ Just repeat it over and over ♫
♫ Again, again, again ♫
♫ "Are you laughing more than usual?" ♫
♫ Did I even exist? Did I? ♫
♫ The day I felt kind ♫
♫ You, you ♫
Apologize to Machi on your way to hell.
Timing and subtitles by
"🍰 The Pastry Detectives 🔍" Team @Viki.com
[Reboot]
Thank god you're alive.
I'm so sorry.
[Next episode: The married couple]
I finally have someone I can trust.
[I will definitely go back to my son]
Nothing is more heartening than that.
[The fatherly and motherly extreme love reaches its climax]
If you care, cut your ties with Goroku!
[The culprit behind the 10 billion theft is revealed]
That man isn't Gido.
["We will reboot Japan". A secret revolution has been decided]
Shall we reboot this country?
[The evil sneaks up in the whole family]
That is what this ten billion signifies.
[Goroku finally crosses the line]
- Takumi!
- Help us, please!
I won't forgive you for ruining my family's life.
[This drama is a work of fiction]